Creating shared_vpc_access submodule (#434)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-project-factory: modules/shared_vpc_access/README.md

# Shared VPC Access

> This module sets IAM permissions on host project and host subnets to appripriate API service accounts based on activated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module grants IAM permissions on host project and subnets to appropriate API service accounts based on activated
```
